README.md, before:

# linux-surfacebook
Arch Linux package to compile the Linux kernel modified for the Surface Book

This is based on the offical Linux kernel package provided by Arch Linux at: https://projects.archlinux.org/svntogit/packages.git/tree/trunk?h=packages/linux.

###Don't expect this to be rock stable, new patches are never rock-stable

##Patches

 - Proper multitouch support for the Surface Book keyboard, allowing two-finger scroll (etc): https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shvr/fedora-surface-pro-3-kernel/master/Add-multitouch-support-for-Microsoft-Type-Cover-3.patch
 
 - Some touchscreen support that may or may not work in the future based on patch maintenance, courtesy of the IPTS-New Repo: https://github.com/ipts-linux-org/ipts-linux-new
 
 - A wifi patch made necessary due to a restucturing of the wireless driver which caused random kernel crashes on network activity: https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=188351
 
## Building

You will need to have imported gpg keys for the Linux kernel maintainers:

For Linus Torvalds (the major release key):

	gpg --recv-keys 79BE3E4300411886

For Greg Kroah-Hartman's key (the stable patch release key):

	gpg --recv-keys 38DBBDC86092693E

Then, to build the package, simply run (as usual):

	makepkg
	
## Miscellaneous 

If you want your touchscreen to work then you need to follow the steps listed [here](https://github.com/ipts-linux-org/ipts-linux-new/wiki) under Firmware

Try powertop, it's great.
  
Also use Caffeine or a corresponding applet for your desktop environment because waking up from sleep is a gamble at best.

Commit message:

Added additional information once the build is completed.

README.md, after:

# linux-surfacebook
Arch Linux package to compile the Linux kernel modified for the Surface Book

This is based on the offical Linux kernel package provided by Arch Linux at: https://projects.archlinux.org/svntogit/packages.git/tree/trunk?h=packages/linux.

###Don't expect this to be rock stable, new patches are never rock-stable

##Patches

 - Proper multitouch support for the Surface Book keyboard, allowing two-finger scroll (etc): https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shvr/fedora-surface-pro-3-kernel/master/Add-multitouch-support-for-Microsoft-Type-Cover-3.patch
 
 - Some touchscreen support that may or may not work in the future based on patch maintenance, courtesy of the IPTS-New Repo: https://github.com/ipts-linux-org/ipts-linux-new
 
 - A wifi patch made necessary due to a restucturing of the wireless driver which caused random kernel crashes on network activity: https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=188351
 
## Building

You will need to have imported gpg keys for the Linux kernel maintainers:

For Linus Torvalds (the major release key):

	gpg --recv-keys 79BE3E4300411886

For Greg Kroah-Hartman's key (the stable patch release key):

	gpg --recv-keys 38DBBDC86092693E

Then, to build the package, simply run (as usual):

	makepkg

Once the package is built, you'll need to run the following :
	
	makepkg -i

This will generate the kernel executable (vmlinuz) and two initramfs images. They will likely be located in the /boot directory.
	
## Miscellaneous 

If you want your touchscreen to work then you need to follow the steps listed [here](https://github.com/ipts-linux-org/ipts-linux-new/wiki) under Firmware

Try powertop, it's great.
  
Also use Caffeine or a corresponding applet for your desktop environment because waking up from sleep is a gamble at best.
